we've confirmed at least one Tiger is in
the reserve but a single Tiger doesn't
make a viable population osa risk only
has a future
if tigers are breeding here we need to
find more
Russian technology helps us deploy more
camera traps across the reserved
we set cameras where Victor thinks
Tigers could pass but it's not just
Tigers that trigger them
over several days we continue to put out
cameras and scour the forest for signs
finally we get together to see what
we've captured so okay guys are you
ready here we go
supposed to show that the camera is
actually working okay moving on quickly
well this man is going to have a heart
attack if I don't show him something
interesting then our first glimpse of
the animal we've been a
oh this footage is incredibly rare and
it's the first time many of the Russian
researchers have seen shots like these
sorry repeat I'll show my gun
look at face mother's know what's
monthly with first woman I think it
though it's Banzai a male tiger
previously colored by Victor away from
his usual area Victor thinks he could be
searching for a mace